Okay, so I'm wondering how your
messaging architecture went.
Who is willing to share?
I need somebody willing to share.
There's a free donut in it for
you, anybody?
Well, okay, let's start with this,
what product or service did you work with?
I'm gonna go,
everybody needs to tell me, yes.
>> I worked with my own travel website.
>> With your own travel website.
Tell me about that a little bit.
>> It's just a silly blog that I do for
fun.
>> I was noticing all of
the stickers on your laptop
from all the different
national parks you've been to.
>> Yeah, that's just over the years, yeah.
>> Yeah, that's great.
Good, would you mind walking
us through your framework?
>> Yeah.
>> Great.
>> I'm not sure if I
have this correct but-
>> I'm sure it's off to a great start,
regardless.
>> So
the first impression is from my users,
is that I want them to say
I'm entertained by this.
I would like to know more.
My value statement is,
I want them to say to themselves,
this will continue to be interesting, I
would like to continue to visit this site.
And then my proof is that there will
be just improved site traffic overall.
>> Okay, so what you've described
is a little bit more of a blog.
I'd say, potentially even a little
bit of a tactical approach, where
I'm gonna put up a blog, and the primary
goal of this is to entertain people,
right, not to teach necessarily but
it sounds like it's more storytelling.
>> That and also saying, hey,
I went to this restaurant, whatever,
this place, and
it was great while I was there.
And then for
the person to say, I should also maybe
go there [INAUDIBLE] this place.
>> Okay, yep, great, okay.
So it's also to inform, to,
Teach, right?
And then to go and to say,
your proof points would be,
what you were describing your
proof points that it was working.
So you're actually more talking about
your plan for your blog versus messaging.
So what we can do is we can
walk through messaging for you,
because this is actually a great
example that we can use.
So first impression of somebody,
so you do travel and food?
>> Just travel, I happen to eat sometimes.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Eating is delicious.
Okay, great.
So but the primary is,
it's your travel blog.
Okay, great.
Sometimes I eat.
Okay, so when people hit that blog,
so I'll put myself, I'll be the user.
If I hit a travel blog, my first
impression is typically, what would
make me wanna return to that blog is if
I immediately am like, I wanna go there.
Whatever place is featured that I think,
I wanna know more about that
place cuz I wanna go there.
So it may be that the first impression
that you're looking for is,
let's say this is an example,
I want to go where she's been.
Okay, that that's the first impression.
Because if that's my first impression,
then I'm gonna wanna
come back to the blog.
Okay, so that matches up kind
of with your tactical plan.
The value statement
could be anything from,
she has similar priorities
when it comes to travel or
for your target audience.
Or she seems to understand how different
types of travelers
prioritize different things.
Or she,
I follow a blog called thrifty traveller,
she is always looking for the best deal.
And I know that I can trust her, because
of all the affiliations or whatever, okay?
So then proof points.
What will we demonstrate that we want
them to know or believe is true?
So under those circumstances,
what might be a proof point?
A proof point might be, here's an amazing
in depth review for restaurants in,
here's an amazing in depth review for
restaurants where she has traveled.
Or she has her trips categorized
by different priorities,
like family travel or traveling as
a single person or good for groups, right.
She is speaking in an authoritative
first person, authentic manner,
which means that I feel like I'm
getting to know her and can trust her.
So those would be some proof points to
consider within a messaging architecture,
within a content strategy.
Does that make sense,
the difference between those two things?
Great.
Who else, one other example.
What product or service did you go with?
>> I can share if you want,
but I wrote mine in analogy.
>> That's okay.
>> All right, I saw audience and
first impression, so
I kinda put it in a-
>> Sorry, what's your product or service?
>> Like I said,
I wrote the whole thing in an analogy,
>> Okay, in an analogy.
>> Which makes sense for me.
>> Okay, great.
>> So it's kind of like the play,
say you're watching a play.
The opening scene that captures
the audience before the slow reveal is,
well, you don't maybe, nevermind.
>> That's why I this.
>> You go for it.
>> I'm always interested to hear different
takes on stuff, so you go ahead.
>> First impression is the opening scene
that captures the audience's attention,
something dramatic or something
entertaining, that initial spark.
And then our value [INAUDIBLE] is now,
I want them to
be engaged and entertained as they browse
throughout the entirety of my website.
So yes, that's what I'm talking about.
And the proof will be finally
finishing the whole slow reveal.
Because I want them to ultimately think,
okay, this seems very sleek and
calm on the surface, but
it's actually extremely engaging and
complex, as you go through
the whole of it at the end.
So that's kind of the-
>> That's really interesting.
Yeah, that seems like it's a good
kind of almost a design philosophy or
content philosophy for how you want people
to enter and experience your content.
Yeah, that's great.
Yeah, right on.
What was difficult about this exercise?
>> The proof was most difficult for me.
>> Why?
>> Because in a way, I kinda kept thinking
more with time, what would be the proof?
So for example, with her site, I would
almost think that the proof would be
I went to this place that
she talked about, and
I agreed with her based
on her recommendation.
But that's not by visiting the site,
and it feels more like what
we're striving for is what the proof
is when I land on the site.
>> It's the proof in the content.
>> That's right.
What content are we
delivering to demonstrate?
That's right.
>> And so that was challenging for me to
kinda put it in that context, cuz I kinda
wanted to look more results as opposed to-
>> Yep, so
to differentiate in your head,
maybe it's proof that it's working
versus proof that the product or
service is right for me.
>> Wow, that's interesting.
That's a good way to put it.
>> Okay, and that doesn't
necessarily mean product benefits.
Cuz it can also be proof that this
is a company I wanna work with.
So we're not talking necessarily
about proof in the results,
we're talking about proof
points within the content.
Make sense?
>> Yes, yeah, that helps a lot, actually.
>> Great.
That's actually very useful feedback and
I will make sure to articulate that
next time I do this exercise, okay?